docs: clarify `reactStrictMode: true` by default (#51931)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/05-next-config-js/reactStrictMode.mdx

}
```

> > **Good to know**: Since Next.js 13.4, Strict Mode is `true` by default, so the above configuration is not necessary. You can still disable Strict Mode by setting `reactStrictMode: false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Good to know**: Since Next.js 13.4, Strict Mode is `true` by default with `app` router, so the above configuration is only necessary for `pages`. You can still disable Strict Mode by setting `reactStrictMode: false`.
```
